c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.g.resources
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.exe
c:\users\tomek\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomek\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tomek\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.exe
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\BudgetManager.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.WPF45.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.WPF45.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.g.resources
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Tomek\Desktop\BudgetManager\BudgetManager\obj\Debug\BudgetManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
